Add ML tutorials (#7180)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/tutorials/conversational-search-cohere.md

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

## Step 1: Create a connector and register a model

Conversational search only supports [OpenAI](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/2.x/docs/remote_inference_blueprints/open_ai_connector_chat_blueprint.md) 
and [Amazon Bedrock Claude](https://github.com/opensearch-project/ml-commons/blob/2.x/docs/remote_inference_blueprints/bedrock_connector_anthropic_claude_blueprint.md) input/output style.
{: .important}

This tutorial follows the Amazon Bedrock Claude model input/output style by:
- Mapping the Cohere Command `message` input parameter to the `inputs` parameter in order to match the Cohere Claude model input style.

> - Using a post-processing function to transform the Cohere Command model output to the Claude model output style.

Author: ```suggestion
- Using a post-processing function to convert the Cohere Command model output to the Claude model output style.
```

            },
            "request_body": "{ \"message\": \"${parameters.inputs}\", \"model\": \"${parameters.model}\" }",
            "post_process_function": "\n    String escape(def input) { \n      if (input.contains(\"\\\\\")) {\n        input = input.replace(\"\\\\\", \"\\\\\\\\\");\n      }\n      if (input.contains(\"\\\"\")) {\n        input = input.replace(\"\\\"\", \"\\\\\\\"\");\n      }\n      if (input.contains('\r')) {\n        input = input = input.replace('\r', '\\\\r');\n      }\n      if (input.contains(\"\\\\t\")) {\n        input = input.replace(\"\\\\t\", \"\\\\\\\\\\\\t\");\n      }\n      if (input.contains('\n')) {\n        input = input.replace('\n', '\\\\n');\n      }\n      if (input.contains('\b')) {\n        input = input.replace('\b', '\\\\b');\n      }\n      if (input.contains('\f')) {\n        input = input.replace('\f', '\\\\f');\n      }\n      return input;\n    }\n    def name = 'response';\n    def result = params.text;\n    def json = '{ \"name\": \"' + name + '\",' +\n          '\"dataAsMap\": { \"completion\":  \"' + escape(result) +\n          '\"}}';\n    return json;\n   \n    "
        }
    ]
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Starting in OpenSearch 2.12, you can use the default `escape` function in the `post_process_function` directly:

Author: ```suggestion
Starting in OpenSearch 2.12, you can use the default `escape` function directly in the `post_process_function`:
```

```json
"post_process_function": "    \n    def name = 'response';\n    def result = params.text;\n    def json = '{ \"name\": \"' + name + '\",' +\n                 '\"dataAsMap\": { \"completion\":  \"' + escape(result) +\n               '\"}}';\n    return json;"
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

Note the connector ID; you'll use it to register the model.

Register the Cohere Command model:

```json
POST /_plugins/_ml/models/_register?deploy=true
{
    "name": "Cohere command model",
    "function_name": "remote",
    "description": "Cohere command model",
    "connector_id": "your_connector_id"
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

> Note the model ID; you will use it in the following steps.

Author: ```suggestion
Note the model ID; you'll use it in the following steps.
```
